yeah hello this is dick dick 9911 I here
to do a review on a spit go take their
crap it's a quarter pipe with this
triangle and just think you can go up
with this is the real looker it's our i
do its peg on that dick dick this is the
box and the day oh I detective cramps in
the under stairs that's a that's now add
out and target for three dollars I think
this is I got this for three dollars I
wish it I wish it would and will stick
deck but it was tech deck as well it
will cost five dollars or six I know it
could be a fun with you cheap you can do
it like this yes
are you you can offer and put put put it
like this you can write like this and go
up beginners but because it's a
qualified and that's a good thing to
start with mmm if you got any earth the
dick rams for original or not you got
you cut this they have to have this if
you want to connect it with this with
these great points see you can do easy
treatment em and it's a matter that's
not original yes so that's the dick when
I 911 on a review for special skip work
if you're and a future where is asked
for special k park are typing on the
internet and go to ww dots and target
and calm and search respect espero skip
back if you don't have it well you're
not in piqua lucky if then don't have it
looks for a dirty like a spy rap for the
FLDS ffs FSS yes it's no matter that's
already there was the deck 911 991 14
years for special skipper bye